Decades ago, communication was fairly limited.
There used to be little effective communication over long distances.
However, technological advancement has made it possible in instant time.
Technology hasn't affected just communication.
Online shopping allows for deliveries to be made efficiently while offering a range of products.
Education can take place online with widely accessible knowledge.
We can order food, a basic necessity, with a few clicks!
Technology has also changed our culture.
It has become the medium for entertainment and engagement.
In addition, it connects many with lifestyle, fashion, and beauty.
Asides from sharing knowledge, it is a creative outlet for creators to share their content.
During these challenging times of quarantine,
it has connected distanced communities through digital screens.
Technology has managed to be a safe space and be our medium of self expression.
Thank you for watching!